1, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
2, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
3, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
4, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
5, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
6, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
7, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
8, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
9, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
10, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
11, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
12, ha aa ea aa da aa fa ga ja aa ja ea aa ea ea aa aa aa aa aa aa
aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa aa 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.89 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
0 0 0;
